stephan angle man
dear ladies and gentlemen also of
my side a very warm
welcome
Ferruccio Lamborghini has automobili
lamborghini founded 50 years ago
Dream knows the best roads
to build supercars of the world
He had no special faible
for motorsport
we believe that has changed and
if you like our vehicles
look then you want to think that straight
Lamborghinis are almost predestined
because in terms of design performance
Driving behavior I think there is no
other brand better than race car
race track fits so we also have before
five years a brand trophy to life
called the lamborghini
blancpain super trofeo as I said before
five years we started in europe
2009 for two years , it's already in
Asia at the start
and this year for the first time in
North America next to me is from Benita
fabio fabio is a test pilot
for the rally for the racing and
pirelli but also a gifted one
racer lotter class winner around in
the 24 hours race of le mans and
from baritone out for us he has twice
the brand cup became namely 2009
and 2011 on the other side we have
the gt3
the vehicle is built for professionals
they have been dealing with other brands
to measure all the circuits of this world
want to be next to me is giorgio sanna
motto so sander
Susanna is a test driver at lamborghini
Since 2001 he has been the boss
test driver and he is also a very very
good racer was there for example in the
year 20 11 in italy the gt cup
won
yes and so it is for us in our
50th anniversary the strongest
commitment in the history of
motorsports of lamborghini
and that's why we have one
Motorsport Department founded this
quarterly short and that during the
also a tribute paid namely this
It is called lamborghini
gallardo lp 570-4 scorer big and only
three short data for this vehicle to
the engine is a v10 engine with 5.2 liters
570 hp a car which is three times as much
downforce as our gallardo 560 stroke
fiat the forefather of all other gallianos
and the lightweight construction a good one
Combination of aluminum and carbon fiber
All in all, all in all
the most efficient eger countries we have
Thank you for your cooperation
attention